applications: serial_lte_modem: Save RAM usage in SLM (#3645)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/serial_lte_modem/doc/slm_description.rst

   This option specifies which interface GPIO to use for exiting sleep or idle mode.
   By default, **P0.6** (Button 1 on the nRF9160 DK) is used when :option:`CONFIG_SLM_CONNECT_UART_0` is selected, and **P0.31** is used when when :option:`CONFIG_SLM_CONNECT_UART_2` is selected.

>    Note that when :option:`CONFIG_SLM_CONNECT_UART_0` is selected, Button 1 can be used to exit idle mode, but not to wake up from sleep mode.

Reviewer: Did you remove this line on purpose?

Author: No, by mistake

> .. option:: CONFIG_SLM_SOCKET_RX_MAX - Maximum RX buffer size for socket data receive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. option:: CONFIG_SLM_SOCKET_RX_MAX - Maximum RX buffer size for receiving socket data
```

>    This option specifies the max buffer size for data receiving through socket interface.
>    By default, it's NET_IPV4_MTU (576) defined in Zephyr. Max value is 708, i.e. the MSS size defined on modem size.
>    Note this configuration has impact on total RAM usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This option specifies the maximum buffer size for receiving data through the socket interface.
   By default, the buffer size is set to :c:enumerator:`NET_IPV4_MTU` (576), which is defined in Zephyr.
   The maximum value is 708, which is the maximum segment size (MSS) defined for the modem.
   
   This option impacts the total RAM usage.
```
